Patient: Hello
Doctor: Hi there.
Doctor: Hi. Hi, I'm Doctor Jacob and welcome to Babylon. Hello
Doctor: Hi.
Doctor: So just before we start, is it alright if you could confirm your full name for me,
Doctor: please
Patient: Uh, that's uh <REDACTED PII>.
Doctor: And your date of
Doctor: birth
Patient: Uh, that's, uh, the <REDACTED PII>
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: And your email address for me,
Doctor: please
Patient: Uh, that's, uh, <REDACTED PII>
Doctor: OK. And just to confirm that you're in a secure location and we can have a confidential conversation
Patient: Yeah, that's absolutely fine.
Doctor: OK, so you've mentioned in our notes that you're having a bit of a cough and a cold. Is that
Doctor: correct
Patient: Yeah, yeah, it's just, it's been going on for like a few days now,
Patient: um
Patient: Sort of
Patient: Coughing and like just general runny nose and stuff
Doctor: it 2
Doctor: to 3 days or longer
Patient: Uh, about like 5 days around that, yeah, started like what day is it
Patient: today?
Patient: Uh, yeah, the week started at the start of the weekend,
Doctor: so OK, so you started off with a cold, did
Doctor: it
Patient: Yeah, it's just like coughing and like runny nose and like kind of muscles aching and stuff like like feeling like, you know
Patient: cold chills and
Patient: things like that
Doctor: and, yeah
Doctor: And
Doctor: so about your cough, are you bringing up any phlegm at all
Patient: No, no, it's like a, it's like a dry cough. It's sort of like, like almost hacking, hacking kind of like.
Doctor: You're not bringing up any blood, are you?
Patient: No, no, no. OK.
Doctor: Are you feeling short of breath at all?
Patient: No, no, no shortness of, like, yeah, uh breathing fine.
Doctor: So you're not wheezy or rattling noises in your chest?
Patient: Uh,
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: Um
Doctor: Right. So what have you taken so far?
Patient: Uh,
Patient: So, uh, just like painkillers and such. I mean, I, I, I'm in addition to like my normal medication and such, um, like.
Doctor: You mentioned, have you come to your normal medications, but you, you've mentioned you've taken some painkillers like, could you tell me the names, please?
Patient: I just like,
Doctor: OK. Any ibuprofen at all?
Doctor: No. OK. And also, um, you mentioned some regular medication. Unfortunately, I don't have your medical, complete medical history. So if you could tell me what your medications are and what you use them for.
Patient: Yeah, so it's like, um, uh, like metformin, I, I, I'm a diabetic, so, and, um, and also like to have uh lisinopril.
Doctor: Lisinopril,
Doctor: OK.
Patient: For the like because my blood pressure.
Doctor: Yeah. OK. And how long have you been a diabetic for?
Patient: Um, like, uh, a few years, maybe 5 or 6.
Doctor: Years, OK.
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: Do you monitor your blood sugars at home?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: OK. And how have they been doing at the moment?
Patient: Uh, no issues, nothing like out of the ordinary.
Doctor: There. OK, so there's no problems with your blood pressure control at the moment, even though you're not, OK, so that's that's absolutely fine. And when was the last time you took your blood pressure?
Patient: Uh, then this morning.
Doctor: This morning and what was what was the readings like?
Patient: I can't remember off the top of my head, but it was within the normal range.
Doctor: Because there was nothing alarming, yeah, no.
Doctor: More.
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: Fine.
Doctor: OK, so that seems all right. OK, so, um, can.
Doctor: Hypothetically, look into your mouth, yeah.
Patient: Sure.
Patient: Yeah, OK, so, uh, looking into.
Doctor: Your mouth, um, you know, there's just a bit mild redness at the back of your throat. Um, there's no enlarged tonsils. Can you feel any glands around your neck at.
Patient: All.
Patient: No.
Patient: I haven't had anything like that.
Doctor: OK, so it looks.
Patient: Like.
Doctor: It's just a viral infection, um, because it's just a cold and a cough, there's nothing there and generally if you have things like a chest infection, you would have a.
Doctor: Like a wheeze or shortness of breath. So, um, things that we would recommend is you can use the, you know, nights, day ness, it's still OK with your medications, yeah? So I'm, I'm sure you are a bit wary to use them, but it's still OK with your current medication. You can still use that, might be able to make you feel a bit more better quickly. If there's any change like you're feeling short of breath.
Patient: Or.
Doctor: The your symptoms are lasting more than 3 weeks.
Doctor: Something or you're becoming poorly.
Doctor: Uh, things like that, then you need to get in touch with us and probably we might need to examine you and especially your chest, but I don't think so that's necessary at this point in.
Patient: Time.
Patient: OK, that sounds good.
Doctor: Any questions at.
Patient: All.
Patient: Uh, no, I, I, I think that's, that's been very helpful. Thank you.
Doctor: So just to, just use the likeness, cleans, if any change in your symptoms like shortness of breath, wheezing, or symptoms are lasting more than 3 weeks, then get in touch with us.
Patient: OK, so I don't need any prescription or anything.
Doctor: You don't need anything at the moment.
Doctor: OK. Take care then.
Patient: Thank you very.
Doctor: Much.
