Doctor: OK, OK. Let's start again. So how can I help you, sir?
Patient: Yes, so it's been a few days now. I have like a sore and a red skin. It's kind of, it's really itchy and it's like super annoying.
Doctor: So
Patient: I'd like to find something quick to solve it.
Doctor: No, no problem. I'm happy to help. Um, whereabouts in your skin is it affected?
Doctor: Uh,
Patient: mostly like my chest, my, my hands, my arms, like I agree it's, it's super annoying like it's itching a lot, like all the time and I can't even sleep at night. Like I really need something quickly to to solve it because even at work I, like, um, when I'm in the meeting and I have to like uh think about my work and focus, like actually focus on my work. It's really annoying because I can't actually think about, uh, what I have to say. I'm always like uh disturbed by
Doctor: this disease. No, no, OK,
Doctor: This is obviously affecting you and we'll try our very best to get it sorted out for you. Um, have you had anything like this before in the
Doctor: past
Patient: And so, yes, uh, earlier, I was like prescribed for my eczema
Patient: They gave me like some cream and something to, uh, when I like was show uh when I was in the shower, I had to put something, but
Doctor: um
Doctor: Did it
Doctor: help
Patient: And I mean, at that time, yes, but the symptoms like these symptoms are uh
Patient: When the symptoms appeared again, I tried those and it didn't work. I've tried a few things
Doctor: like
Patient: I bought like a steroid cream at the pharmacy last night, but it apparently didn't help because it's still itching a lot today,
Doctor: uh,
Patient: yeah.
Doctor: Do you remember the name of the cream you
Doctor: bought
Patient: Uh, steroid
Doctor: cream, steroid, OK. um, do, would you say these symptoms are very similar to your eczema symptoms or different
Patient: Um
Patient: It's much more like itchy and my eczema was more like only in the arms, and now it's also on the chest and in the, in the, on the hands as well. Yeah, like I like, for instance, hiking during the weekends and I, I can't really do it anymore because it's like very like, like I wanted to do that last weekend and it was super painful and I I have to take like showers every day to be able to kind of uh ease this itching parts, which is very, very
Doctor: annoying. No
Doctor: Well, OK, that's good. So you mentioned the itchiness. Um, you also mentioned it's been quite sore, um, have you, have you noticed any, uh, bleeding or discharge from your skin
Patient: No, um, so my skin is a bit cracked in some parts, like kind of cracks if you see what I mean, but uh
Doctor: yeah, I'm not any other uh pus or blood coming out of your skin
Patient: No.
Doctor: And you mentioned it all started 3 days ago. 4 days 4 days ago. Are you aware of any triggers or anything that you may have done that may have caused your symptoms to start. So for example, have you changed your uh shower gel, any clothing? Have you been around anyone else?
Patient: It's actually like it's really annoying because I'm thinking about maybe I should change something because I, I haven't and I don't understand that I'm kind
Doctor: of
Patient: um afraid of
Patient: people around me because it's kind of, you know, um, I don't feel really comfortable asking about these questions, this kind of intimate
Doctor: and
Patient: so I your head now,
Doctor: no, no, OK, that's OK.
Doctor: Um
Doctor: Fine.
Doctor: So just to re summarize, for the last 4 days you've had very itchy skin, very sore skin all over your body, mainly your chest. And did you also mention your arms and legs as
Doctor: well
Patient: And no, just the chest, hands and like
Patient: Like inside the airbos.
Doctor: OK. Any anything on your face at all?
Patient: In my what?
Doctor: On your face.
Patient: Oh, on my face? No.
Doctor: OK. And apart from this, any other symptoms have you noticed, for example, have you noticed any temperature or
Doctor: fevers?
Patient: No, just the itching.
Doctor: Nothing else. OK, so your, your bowels are working OK? Your chest is OK. No cough, no breathing difficulties?
Patient: No.
Doctor: You're passing urine OK?
Patient: Uh, I think so.
Doctor: OK. All right.
Patient: Um.
Doctor: It's always good to know. So, I mean, do you have any ideas as to what could be causing your symptoms?
Doctor: Any what? Any ideas as to what could be causing your symptoms?
Patient: Um, I,
Patient: so I had eczema before, so maybe it's this, but it seems like more.
Patient: Like my eczema was only on the arms, so I'm not sure. I, I really have no idea.
Doctor: OK. That's OK. So, um, normally at this stage I like to examine you,
Patient: um.
Doctor: to see the rash itself and see exactly what type of rash it is, but from what you've told me, you mentioned it's you've got some dry skin and some, uh, cracked skin as well. Uh, and it's been very itchy and so with your
Patient: Uh,
Doctor: your, your background of eczema, um, so it says there's a couple of questions I wanted to ask you, which I completely forgot. My apologies. Um, apart from the eczema, do you have any other medical problems I should be aware of?
Patient: Uh, no, I just had asthma in the past, but not anymore.
Doctor: Not anymore. OK. And do you take any regular medications at the moment?
Patient: Uh,
Doctor: no. No. OK. Do you have any allergies to anything?
Patient: sorry, yeah.
Patient: Sorry, I was allergy thing.
Patient: In.
Patient: Sure.
Patient: Hello?
Doctor: Hello? Yes,
Patient: can you hear me? Sorry, I think,
Doctor: do
Doctor: you have any allergies at all?
Patient: Oh, allergies, no.
Doctor: No.
Doctor: OK. Um,
Doctor: and tell me about your, um, uh, your situation at home. Who do you live with
