Patient: Hello.
Doctor: Hello there, it's Doctor C there. How can I help you this afternoon?
Patient: Oh, I just got a terrible headache since midday.
Patient: Um, on the left side, which is making me feel so ill. I just feel like I need to vomit.
Doctor: I'm sorry to hear that. Um, can you tell me a bit more about the headache?
Patient: Well, you know, I noticed some zigzag lines in my vision a few minutes before the headache started. Blurred, um.
Patient: Ah, you know, it's, I, yeah, pain's just horrible, making me feel so unwell, um.
Doctor: OK, and I just want you to do something, let's try and get you well soon. Um, you mentioned this on your left-hand side, is that right? And it started at midday a few hours ago. OK, um, did the pain come on quite suddenly, or was it more of a gradual buildup?
Patient: It just happened.
Doctor: OK. And are you able to describe what kind of headache it was, for example, was it throbbing or was it more of a sharp pain?
Patient: Yeah, I guess it's, yeah, I guess it's throbbing, um, on that left side.
Doctor: And is it moving anywhere else at all?
Patient: No, but it's worse when I move.
Doctor: OK. Is that when you move your neck?
Patient: Well, like, if I lean forward or like move my head or neck. Yeah, the headache gets worse.
Patient: OK. Um I'm just really worried that I've just been googling and like, I've read you know, if you get a headache, gets worse when you move, it could be a sign of brain cancer.
Doctor: OK. Is that what you're worried about?
Doctor: Is that, is that what your main worry is today?
Patient: Oh yeah, yeah, and I've like, you know, my friend's mom, she, she recently died of a brain tumor, so it's really concerning me actually.
Doctor: Oh dear, I'm sorry to hear that. I, I can understand why it's affecting you. Um, but why, why don't we, why don't we take a good history first and let me examine you and then we can have a little chat afterwards and see what's going on here. Um, so you mentioned a few things, you mentioned the headaches. You also mentioned some zigzag lines uh before the headaches came on, and your vision has been blurry as well, is that right? Is that on the, is that on both eyes or just the left, left eye?
Patient: It some day.
Doctor: Have you had any difficulty with seeing bright lights at all?
Patient: Yeah, well, I'm wearing, I'm wearing sunglasses right now, you know, light's really cursing my eyes.
Doctor: Um, and you mentioned that you felt quite nauseous. Have you vomited at all?
Patient: Yeah.
Patient: I vomited twice.
Doctor: Twice, OK. And this earlier today, OK. Um, any temperatures or fevers?
Patient: Um, no, I don't feel feverish.
Doctor: OK, um, any other funny skin rashes that you may have noticed?
Patient: I haven't noticed anything like that.
Doctor: OK. Um, do you normally get headaches?
Patient: Um, not really prone to them, no, no, but I did, I did have a similar headache a few weeks ago.
Doctor: OK. And what happened then?
Patient: <REDACTED PII>
Doctor: How the last book?
Patient: Couple of days.
Doctor: Did you do anything that made it better?
Patient: Um, yeah, I have to take painkillers and had to sort of go to bed and rest and have a couple of days off work and work in the fashion industry and, you know, that wondering what's going on, like to take sick days to get back to work today, but you know, what if it is a brain tumor? What's going to happen with my future and my career?
Patient: No, about this, never had headaches like this before. Like why should we get now?
Doctor: Yeah, sure, and I can see your concerns obviously there's a lot, there's a lot of worry there, um, but you know, let, let, let, let's take it step by step, um, and see exactly what the cause of these headaches are first. Um, I'm just gonna ask you some, um, very, uh, yes-no questions if that's OK, um, um, um, have you noticed any problems with your speech at all, any words?
Patient: OK.
Doctor: Any problems with your arms and legs numbness or weakness?
Doctor: No. Any difficulty with balance your balance or coordination?
Patient: OK.
Doctor: And have you had any injuries to your head? Have you had a fall recently or been knocked on the head?
Doctor: All right. Um, and, and you're feeling otherwise OK. So for example, your breathing is OK. You're not feeling breathless or?
Doctor: No, OK. Um, do you have any other medical history I should be aware of?
Patient: So for example if you had if anyone told you you've had migraines in the past?
Patient: No. No. OK. Do you do my mom, my mom had, has migraines, but I, I've not been diagnosed.
Doctor: Right, so my next question was about family history. Is there anything in the family? So apart from migraines, is there anything else, anything related to the brain, for example?
Patient: My mom has an underactive thyroid as well.
Doctor: Underactive thyroid as well, OK. Um, OK, any other problems, for example, the brain or um you mentioned brain cancer, any other family history of that?
Patient: No.
Doctor: No. OK. Um, in terms of medications, do you take anything on a regular basis?
Patient: Um, I take the pill, microgynon.
Doctor: OK. And how long have you been on that for?
Patient: 3 months
Doctor: 3 months, OK. And is that mainly for contraception or is that for something
Patient: else for contraception
Doctor: OK. All right. That's something we may need to have a little discussion about today as well. Um
Patient: Uh,
Doctor: well, my next question was about, um, your social, your situation at home. You mentioned you work in a fashion industry. Is your work, is your job quite stressful at the moment
Patient: Yeah, it's really stressful, actually
Patient: like people at work, you know, managers like putting a lot of pressure on me to deliver
Patient: Oh, yeah, it's not a good time. Is
Doctor: it getting you down
Patient: I don't feel down, just feel a bit stressed.
Doctor: OK. All right. And what kind of things do you do to alleviate your stress normally
Patient: Nothing really.
Doctor: OK. Do you do much in the way of exercise
Patient: No.
Patient: OK,
Doctor: um, who's at home with you
Patient: Um, I live on my own.
Doctor: Um, are you coping OK at the
Patient: moment
Patient: Fine. Yeah, OK. And do you smoke at all
Doctor: And do you drink much in the way of alcohol?
Patient: OK. All right. Um, so normally this kind
Doctor: of proceed to examination, um, but, um
Doctor: Based on your story, um,
Patient: I wonder whether you may
Doctor: um may have a migraine, uh migraine type headache. Uh, it
Patient: Um
Doctor: Very classical of that of that nature, the, the headache on one side, throbbing nature, the nausea, vomiting, sensitivity to bright lights.
Patient: uh,
Doctor: I'm reassured that you don't have anything more serious, such as meningitis or indeed
Doctor: Brain cancer and that was a big worry of yours initially.
Patient: Thank you, thanks so much. I was so worried that had cancer and uh now you say migraine, yeah, I guess my mom had similar symptoms to me, and
Doctor: yeah,
Patient: that makes
Patient: sense.
Doctor: Well, you know, minor ease, um, certainly this is the second moment you've had in the space of a month, um, so I think moving forward there's a couple of options. I think keeping a headache diary would be quite important to see
Doctor: exactly what triggering these headaches, but we should also try and treat your headaches today in some strong painkillers will be advisable,
Doctor: You know, I think about paracetamol or even cocodamol, um, and some anti-inflammatories such as ibuprofen and naproxen. How does that sound to you
Patient: Um
Patient: And
Doctor: uh you know, if your headaches were to become more persistent, then we can maybe think about giving you some medications that will stop your headaches from happening in the first place, something, you know, prophylactic medicines
Patient: OK
Doctor: we we can have a discussion next time I see you next week. OK.
Patient: Um,
Doctor: now a couple of things I want you to think about is, you know, if your symptoms aren't getting better in the next 2 to 3 days, or indeed they're getting worse, I'd like you to come back and see me, um, straight away if possible. So if your headache is getting worse and not responding to medications or your um your neck pain is getting worse or you're developing any weakness in your arms and legs or your vision, and I want you to come back and see me straight away, OK?
Patient: OK
