Doctor: Hi, hello, hi, I'm Doctor Jacob and welcome to Babylon. Hello. Hi. Hi. So,
Doctor: um, just before we start, is it alright if you could confirm your name for me, please
Patient: Sure. My name is <REDACTED PII>, and your date of birth
Patient: My date of birth is <REDACTED PII>. And your email address for me, please.
Patient: My email address is <REDACTED PII>.
Doctor: That's correct. And just to confirm that you're in a secure location and we can have a confidential conversation
Patient: Absolutely.
Doctor: Right. So you've mentioned that you have some pain in your jaw. Is that correct
Patient: Uh, well
Patient: I think that's just like the first thing that I typed, but, uh, uh, it wasn't really what I, you know, I just typed it and then I clicked submit, so that was uh um I mean, it's part of the problem, but I would say
Patient: More of a problem for me is that I can't quite move my left arm. I mean, I can move it, but it's, it's numb and then I also feel some like tingling in my fingertips
Doctor: OK, so numbness in the left arm, yeah? How long has it been going on
Patient: for
Patient: So, I've started taking this boxing class. I've been taking boxing class for a few weeks, and I feel like maybe
Patient: It's probably been, I'd say for at least 2 weeks, and it's kind of gotten worse, like eating, I just kind of felt a little bit of tingling and then it's gotten, it's gotten worse since then. Then the numbing kind of started, I can feel it both in my uh um, you know, a little bit in my elbow and then in my arm as well as in my hand, and now because it hasn't gotten better, I tried to get a massage
Patient: It's not better or, you know, try to take warm baths
Patient: It's not better, so I figured I'd call you and, and just figure out what's going on.
Doctor: Right. So have you mentioned a massage and a warm bath, any medications that you've taken so far
Patient: Uh, well,
Patient: You know, it's, it's numb and I, I kind of looked up online, um, but, you know, I, I do take ibuprofen just because my, my muscles were sore, uh, a little bit, and I've been taking this boxing class, so, you know, I kind of heard like my knuckles on my right hand. So that's been a little bit painful so I just kind
Patient: of
Patient: taking ibuprofen for that.
Patient: Like I said, I mean, I tried massage, I tried some hot baths, and that didn't help with this
Patient: numbness
Patient: Sure. I'm just kind of getting a little worried. Of course.
Doctor: And also from, uh, you've just mentioned that your pain
Doctor: From elbow downwards, is that, you know, the tingling, numbness, elbow pillow, not from your
Patient: shoulder
Patient: Um, well, it's kind of funny, you know, sometimes I will feel it in my shoulder, like if I try
Patient: to,
Patient: if I try to like, you know, move like in boxing and
Patient: stuff,
Patient: I will even like a um maybe feel a little bit of, a little bit of pain
Patient: Uh, but I would say if I'm just like resting, if, if I'm sitting like right now, I can feel like it's numb and I, I actually feel tingling right now, not in all my fingers, just in some.
Doctor: Yeah, so which fingers do you feel numb
Patient: OK, so it's my 2nd, 3rd, and 4th finger.
Doctor: Uh-huh. 2nd, 3rd and 4th finger. And is it your farm site or, you know, the back of your hand side which is numb, or both.
Patient: No, it's, it's the, it's this side, so the front side.
Doctor: It's the front side, OK, right. And have you been dropping things at all
Doctor: But you know, when you try to hold on to things like a glass or something
Doctor: Have you smoking
Patient: it
Patient: So not so much with the glass, but I will say, um, well, I play a little bit of a piano and so I just noticed that it's, it's been kind of harder to get the notes. I can, I can grasp, I can grasp a uh a glass, but because I use my right hand most of the time, you know, I'm not left-handed, so
Patient: It's kind of hard for me to, so you
Doctor: would say there's a mild weakness, mild,
Patient: yes.
Doctor: So just to get my facts right, so you definitely weakness rather than because of the pain you can't hold it. There's two different things. So you know, sometimes you can't hold it because it's hurting you. No, no, it's not
Patient: hurting. It's not hurting. It's like numb. I can't feel it,
Doctor: right?
Patient: OK,
Patient: yeah,
Doctor: fine. So you have definitely having some some form of weakness, OK. Any neck pain at
Patient: all
Patient: No, not, no neck pain. Mm mm
Doctor: neck pain, you know, OK, right, OK, so just a bit more of a background because I don't have much information on the system. Um, do you have any
Doctor: Or medical history that you'd like to share
Patient: Well,
Patient: I guess because of this, you know, I'm not sure if it's boxing. I also had a really bad cold like a month ago. I mean, I was out, you know, drinking with the friends, um, one of our co-workers just had his 3-year anniversary and we kind of went crazy and we were like out partying until, you know, late hours and I just got uncharacteristically drunk for me and then after that I was sick for probably a good like 2
Patient: weeks.
Patient: I was at home, I think I must have had some kind of like a flu or something.
Patient: and then I'd say another weird thing that happened to me a few weeks ago is like I all of a sudden
Doctor: Couldn't
Patient: see from the uh from my left eye, like I, I lost some, like a little bit of a field of vision, uh, and, but that, that just lasted not very long. I mean, that just lasted maybe for, I don't know, 2020
Patient: minutes
Patient: Uh, and I kind of thought, I don't know, maybe it was the, the cold, you know, and the virus and all that,
Patient: so
Patient: I, I guess that's what I can, you know, that's the last thing I can remember, but in general, I'm, I'm pretty healthy. I mean, I, you know, I work out, uh, want, and I, I don't really have any medical problems. Do you
Doctor: have any headaches at all from the, in the recent past
Patient: Um, sometimes I get headaches, but I think they're just tired headaches, you know, sometimes I'll get kind
Patient: Tired, but I think that's probably because I worked too much or, you know, because like I'll go for a workout and then I'll really just exhaust myself and then I just kind of feel this fatigue, uh, or sometimes like this morning, for example, I just felt really fatigued and I couldn't even get myself to the gym, but, you know, since I have this numbness, it's kind of
Patient: hard to count, right?
Doctor: Do you wear glasses at all, glasses, contact
Doctor: lenses
Patient: No,
Doctor: no, so no glasses, right, and you've not had experienced anything like a seizure or fit, anything like that
Patient: What's a seizure?
Doctor: Like when you sit you lose consciousness and you stop shaking
Patient: Oh, no, no, no, no,
Patient: nothing like that. Mm mm.
Doctor: No fits, yeah, OK
Patient: And
Doctor: your weakness is only in your left arm, walking and all this normal,
Patient: yeah
Patient: Yeah,
Patient: yeah, walking is normal, yeah. You
Doctor: mentioned for a while you couldn't see, you know, the outside peripheral vision from your left eye. How long did that episode last for?
Patient: You know, I think it was only maybe like 20 minutes or so. It's almost like it happened, and I thought, oh my God, it's probably I'm still like sick from this, you know, virus thing cold and so I just kind of slapped it off and then when I, uh, um, when I woke up, it was gone
Doctor: Sure, OK. Um, OK, so is there any regular medications that you're using
Patient: Not really. I just take ibuprofen every once in a while. I take vitamin D, um, I take some, I, I like my my GP really wants me to take iron supplements, but, you know, they're just like huge bills, so I, I'm most of the time I just forget, but vitamin D I take and then sometimes I take melatonin to help me sleep
Doctor: All right
Doctor: And any family history you'd like to share? Any significant family history
Patient: I know that my dad has, I don't know if if it's hypo
Patient: I think it's hypothyroidism, uh, and then my, like he's he's got some autoimmune stuff going on, like that much I know. And then my mom, my mom, she's, she's actually not in a great shape. She's got diabetes type 2
Patient: She's got hypertension, um, she's
