Patient: Hello, good afternoon.
Doctor: Hi, hi there, this is Doctor Tim Mizz from GP at Hand.
Patient: Hi there, my name's <REDACTED PII>.
Doctor: So could I have your, um, before we start, can I have your full name and date of birth if that's possible?
Patient: Sure, so it's <REDACTED PII>, um, and my date of birth is the 16th of May 1982.
Doctor: That's great. Thank you for that. Are you in a private place where you're OK to speak?
Patient: I am, yeah. OK, great. So how can I help you today?
Patient: Um, so I kind of woke up this morning, um, and I've just got this really horrible pain on the left side of my head, um, a real kind of headachy feeling.
Doctor: OK. And um, did the, did the pain wake you up?
Patient: Yeah, it wake me up, um, quite early this morning.
Doctor: What time did it wake you up?
Patient: Um, probably around 5:30ish.
Doctor: And what time do you normally get up?
Patient: Um, I normally get up at about 7 o'clock.
Doctor: Right, OK. Is the headache still present now?
Patient: Yes, it is.
Doctor: OK. Have you had this kind of pain before?
Patient: Um, I mean, I've had a bit of a history with headaches, but nothing as severe as this before.
Doctor: So they were less severe, but similar in nature in terms of being one-sided and the type of pain?
Patient: Um, not so much on the one side. It tends to be a bit of a cluster at the front of my head in a way, um, but this time it's just kind of more prominent on the left side, which I've never really had. Normally they kind of spread across the front of my head.
Doctor: OK, alright, and um, can I just double check, do you have any neck stiffness at all?
Patient: Uh, no.
Doctor: OK. And do you have any fever?
Patient: No.
Doctor: All right. Um, how are you with bright lights at the moment? Do you feel sensitive to bright lights or can you tolerate them all right?
Patient: OK. Um, I'm a little bit sensitive. It just it kind of makes my eyes a little bit sore, but nothing that I can't really handle.
Doctor: OK. And can I just double check, um, are you feeling nauseous at all?
Patient: Um, not really, like when I first got up this morning, my head felt a bit dizzy, but that's kind of subsided now, and I seem to be fine.
Doctor: OK. Um, and, um, can I just double check, does anyone in your family have any migraines or anything like that? Have they been diagnosed with migraines?
Patient: Uh, no, I haven't.
Doctor: OK. Um, and, um, are you under any particular stress at the moment?
Patient: Um, what it's kind of, um, a bit stressful at the moment. I've got a lot going on.
Patient: Um, yeah, I just seem to have like a lot of kind of a backlog of work that I need to go through at the moment. So I've kind of been doing a lot of late nights as well.
Doctor: Right, OK, um, and, um, how long has that been the case for?
Patient: Uh, probably about a couple of months now.
Doctor: How would you say your mood is?
Doctor: Um.
Patient: I'm not like moody, I'm not angry or, um, I, I get a bit frustrated during the day, um, but it kind of, um, ebbs and flows every now and then, but, yeah.
Doctor: OK. Do you have, have you ever been diagnosed with anxiety or depression or stress in the past?
Patient: Um, I've had, um, so I like anxiety for about 2 years now, and I've been on, uh, Satin for a while.
Doctor: OK. Are you taking searching at the moment?
Doctor: OK.
Patient: Um.
Doctor: And how do you feel in terms of anxiety at the moment?
Doctor: Do you feel anxious at the moment?
Patient: No, not necessarily at work. Sometimes I do feel a bit anxious, um, I, I kind of just, uh, the panic of not being able to get my work done on time. Um, but other than that, I, I don't feel, um, massively anxious.
Patient: All right.
Doctor: Um, now, so I just need to answer this for anyone suffering. Have you, have you had any thoughts about harming yourself or hurting yourself?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Um, now with regards to this headache, is it worse when you lie down or um is, is it better when you lie down?
Patient: Um, when I lay down, like, uh, it kind of feels a little bit sore at first, um, and it takes me a while to get comfortable. Um.
Patient: So, yeah, at the beginning it does, but then again, that's kind of, um, soothed a little bit.
Patient: OK.
Doctor: Um, so would you say ultimately it's better when you lie down?
Doctor: Well you.
Patient: Yeah, I would say so.
Patient: OK.
Patient: Um.
Doctor: And in terms of um this headache since this morning. Have you taken anything for it yet?
Patient: Um, I've taken some paracetamol.
Patient: Does that help? Um, not really, no.
Doctor: OK, taking anything else at all?
Patient: No, that's it. Just paracetamol.
Doctor: OK. Um, do you have any other illnesses at all?
Patient: Uh, none.
Doctor: Have you ever been diagnosed with high blood pressure?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Have you ever had your blood pressure checked?
Patient: No.
Doctor: OK. Um, and are there any illnesses in your family?
Patient: Um, no, there's nothing. My parents, uh, my mom had a history of anxiety as well, but no kind of like physical illnesses or anything like
Patient: that
Doctor: OK, all right. And um are you on any
Doctor: medication? Um,
Patient: no, other, other than sertraline and having taken um paracetamol this morning, and nothing else
Doctor: Do you have any allergies to any medication
Patient: Not that I'm aware of, no.
Doctor: And are you living by yourself at the moment or are you living with someone else?
Patient: Um, I live with my partner
Doctor: OK. Are you a smoker
Patient: No
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: And uh do you have any pets at home?
Patient: Uh, I have a
Patient: cat
Doctor: OK. And can I just double check how much exercise would you do normally a week?
Patient: Um, so normally I try to go running at least 3 times a week
Doctor: OK
Doctor: And what's your diet
Doctor: like
Patient: Um, it's OK. Um, it's nothing, it's nothing, um, really healthy, um, but
Patient: it's
Patient: fine
Patient: OK I will unhealthy
Doctor: Um, now, um
Doctor: In terms of this headache, uh, obviously I haven't been able to examine you or see you directly
Patient: But
Doctor: um it sounds like it might be one of two things. It could be an element of what we call tension headache
Doctor: OK, that's one possibility, um, and what makes that more likely is the fact that you've been under some pressure and you have a history of anxiety in the past, OK?
Patient: Uh
Doctor: The other possibility is migraine as well
Doctor: OK, um, and the fact what makes that more likely is the fact that it's on one side and that you've got some sensitivity to
Doctor: light
Doctor: OK, so what, what I think we can do is um
Doctor: I think we can give you some um generic pain relief that would be the appropriate first
Doctor: step
Doctor: For migraine type headaches, OK,
Patient: I'll tell you
Doctor: this in a second. And the other thing that I was going to suggest is we maybe look, explore things to try and decrease the stress from work. So, OK, um, the medication wise
Doctor: The things that we start off first line if someone had migraine was to would be to
Doctor: start
Doctor: ibuprofen
Doctor: And uh
Doctor: Uh, that the dosage of ibuprofen can be a bit more than the normal dosage of ibuprofen, so that's one thing we can start. You can keep on taking paracetamol as well if you like, but the, the ibuprofen's, um, actually more effective for migraine
Doctor: And, all right, yeah, so the guidelines have changed. Recently before that we used to give paracetamol as the first line, but now it's um ibuprofen or aspirin
Patient: That's
Doctor: OK. Um, the other thing I'd like you to do is maybe consider taking some time off
Patient: work
Doctor: OK, because it due to stress from
Patient: work
Doctor: Um, maybe having a week off if you self-certified, that might help with things. And I'd also like you to explore counseling options as well, so there's counseling service in your area, I can give you the link for for you to self-refer
Doctor: I let you have that. OK, let's try that. Um, what we're gonna do is we'll have a follow up in a week's time, as well as those two things, other things I'd like you to do is to try and ensure that you're having a minimum of 70 hours sleep at night, every night, a minimum of 1.5 to 2 L of water or fluids a day, and that's not including coffee or tea
Doctor: OK. All right. Because sometimes dehydration and, you know, uh fatigue can be cause of headaches as well. Um,
Patient: uh, I didn't realize that,
Doctor: so that that that is, um, you know, we need to rule those things out. Um, let's, let's try that, OK, um, um, let's have a follow-up appointment. If we're finding that things are not getting better, we might need to arrange some blood tests or, um, look at, uh, other possibilities, but we'll try that in the first instance, um, if anything changes in the meantime or you get worried or things
