Patient: Oh, now it is, yes.
Doctor: Hello.
Patient: But.
Doctor: Can you hear me OK?
Doctor: Great. Hello there. Um, before I go any further, can I confirm your name and your age, please?
Patient: Yes, so my name is <REDACTED PII>.
Doctor: <REDACTED PII>.
Doctor: Yeah, OK.
Patient: Um, I'm 48.
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: Great.
Doctor: And how can I help you this afternoon, sir?
Patient: Right, so, uh, I've been having uh diarrhea for like, let's say past 3 days more or less.
Doctor: OK, I'm sorry to hear that. Uh, can you tell me a bit more about your diarrhea?
Patient: Yeah, so it's been a very bad diarrhea, so it keeps me like, I, I keep going back and forth to to the toilet very often, yeah, it started like 3 days ago.
Patient: And uh uh so it started with vomiting, so I vomited a couple of times.
Patient: Uh, but then that went away and uh yeah, it's just diarrhea now.
Doctor: OK, and you mentioned you've been um going to the toilet very often. How many times are you going a day?
Patient: Yeah, around 5 to 6 times a day.
Doctor: OK. And
Doctor: Uh, can you tell me, I know it's not nice to talk about, but is it quite watery, your stools, loose?
Patient: Yes, it's definitely, definitely watery, uh, loose stools, uh,
Doctor: any blood in your stools?
Patient: No, not that I could see.
Doctor: OK. And uh uh uh with the diarrhea, have you noticed any other symptoms like tummy pain?
Patient: Uh, not, not really, no, uh, but I, I, I feel
Patient: Um, I can't
Patient: Really drink too much, so I feel very dehydrated.
Doctor: OK, when you say you can't drink too much, why is that?
Patient: Uh, yeah,
Patient: Really, I, I, I, I, I'm like, I feel like I don't drink enough, like I'm, I'm drinking, I'm trying to drink, but then I just go to the loo and I like I, uh, I, I do everything and I feel dehydrated again.
Doctor: OK, all right.
Doctor: Um, have you managed to eat anything solids?
Patient: Uh, not much, not much. So just a little bit, but I don't really feel like uh I have appetite.
Doctor: OK, your appetite reduced. OK. Um, with your, um, the, the vomiting is now stopped, is that right? You said yes. OK. All right. Have you any, any other symptoms like fever or temperature?
Patient: Uh, so, not really. I feel a little bit warm, um, probably at the, at the beginning I was feeling I had a bit of temperature, but now I feel, I feel kind of fine.
Patient: I feel very weak weak. OK. All right. Any headaches or muscle pains?
Patient: No, not really, no.
Doctor: OK, right. And you mentioned 3 days ago, what were you doing when the symptoms started? Are you aware of any triggers?
Patient: Not that I remember. What was I doing? I, I was at home, I was working on my computer and yeah, I just felt some nausea and I had to, to vomit and then I had some diarrhea straight after that.
Doctor: Yeah. Did you have any takeaway food or any dodgy restaurant food?
Patient: Uh, not that I remember.
Doctor: Have you been around anyone unwell with diarrhea recently, the last week or so?
Patient: Mm, not that I know.
Doctor: OK. Um, right, so moving on, um, are you otherwise fit and well?
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Uh, OK. And do you take any regular medications?
Patient: Um, so I, I do suffer from asthma, so I do have my inhalers, uh, that are, you know, I, I, I use infrequently, let's say, only when I have to.
Doctor: Uh, is that a new inhaler?
Doctor: Is that the blue inhaler? Yes, it is, OK, all right.
Doctor: Any other medications that you take?
Patient: Uh, no, nothing.
Doctor: OK. Do you have any allergies to any medications?
Patient: Uh, not that I know of.
Doctor: OK. And any family history of any medical problems?
Patient: Uh, so, my father has high, uh, well, used to have high blood pressure. He actually, so he actually died of bowel cancer like 10 years ago.
Doctor: OK, sorry to hear that.
Doctor: Um, OK. And uh what about your mother?
Patient: Oh, yes. So, uh, probably it's worth mentioning, uh, she has diabetes.
Doctor: Diabetes. Do we know if that's type 1 or type 2?
Patient: Uh, it's type 2.
Doctor: OK. All right.
Doctor: Fine. And um just a little bit more about your life in general, sir. Um, who, who's at home with you? Who lives at home with you?
Doctor: Sorry, who lives at home with you, sir?
Patient: Oh, I, I live alone.
Doctor: You live alone, OK. Are you currently working at the moment?
Patient: Uh, well, I haven't been able to work in the past few days, but yes, like my
Doctor: What's your employment? What do you do for work? I'm a software engineer, OK, all right.
Doctor: Have you taken time off work recently?
Patient: Uh, yes, yes, I have. Uh, this last 3 days I've been feeling really unwell, so I couldn't work.
Doctor: OK, all right. And just last couple of questions regarding your smoking and alcohol. Do you do either of those?
Patient: Uh
Patient: Not really. I drink infrequently, like socially, let's say, and I don't smoke.
Doctor: OK. All right. Um, fine. So, uh, <REDACTED PII>, um
Doctor: And having listened to your story
Doctor: I think you're probably suffering from what we call gastroenteritis.
Patient: OK,
Doctor: which essentially is just a tummy bug. It's an infection of your, your tummy, um, and normally lasts for about 3 to 5 days and gets better.
Doctor: There are things you can do to really help yourself get better soon, um, or you can drink plenty of fluids, really try and flush the toxins out of your body.
Doctor: You can get things from the pharmacy which are called Diolite which can help replenish any uh minerals and vitamins you may have lost.
Patient: Sorry, what's the name of that?
Doctor: It's called Diolite, um, it's, it's a, it's a type of fluid replacement drink. Um, you can take some paracetamol if you're feeling feverish and weak.
Doctor: I would probably advise you to continue taking time off work for the next day or two until you get better.
Doctor: Normally you have to be diarrhea-free for about 24 to 48 hours before you return back to work.
Doctor: Let's see how the next few days go and if you're still not better next week, I want you to come back and see me.
Doctor: And we can have another look at your symptoms, OK?
Patient: That sounds good. That sounds good. Uh, thanks so much.
Doctor: Do you have any questions for me or
Patient: Um, no, I think that's fine. Uh, yeah, I'll, I'll try to rest and drink plenty of fluids and I hope it goes away. If it doesn't, I call, I call back. Is that OK?
Doctor: I really hope you get better soon.
Patient: Thanks a lot. Thanks so much for your time.
Doctor: Bye-bye.
Patient: OK, bye.
