Doctor: All right, so you've mentioned that you're not having much of an appetite and energy lately. I'm sorry to hear that. Could you tell me a bit more about it, please?
Patient: That's right, um started long, long ago now, uh, that I've been feeling down and, and I didn't really have, yeah, energy, um, my, my, my wife was starting to complain as well, uh, in my activities and um I felt like I, I needed to call you guys and needed to get some, some more information about what could be going on. Um, it's just that, yeah, nothing is like feeling right. I feel out of place. And, and it's, it's, yeah, just, just down.
Doctor: So, so you, are you telling me that your, your mood's low? Is that what you're trying to tell me?
Patient: Um Yes, they're like I'm feeling short of breath, breath. It's like always, yeah, out of energy, I would say, yes, definitely mood. Would you say you're depressed?
Patient: Um You, you never want to say that, do you? I mean, I mean, work is OK. Um, I have trouble at work sometimes having headaches, feeling nauseous, um, but I can do my work. That's, that's OK.
Doctor: It's a tough one, isn't it, because you don't want to actually say, do you like your work?
Patient: Um Who likes to be a lawyer. Sorry, that was me.
Doctor: Yes, of course, I like, I like you like your work, OK, and um you, and how are things at home? All right? Are you having any kind of stress at all?
Patient: Um, it is OK, uh, sometimes Because I'm having a loss of appetite. I'm uh uh yeah, I'm not eating very much and thanks, um, other than that, it's, it's OK. Yeah.
Doctor: And have you lost any weight?
Patient: I have a little bit, yes. Uh, but, uh, that's, that's over, over a long period now. OK.
Doctor: Right, so you mentioned that you've lost your appetite for a while now. So how long are we talking about?
Patient: That must have started when When I changed over to the new law firm, uh, I would say months ago.
Doctor: We talking about 2 months, 3 months or 6 months if you could have 3 months ago, 3.5 months ago that was months ago, but you said your weight loss is a much longer than that?
Patient: Yeah, that, uh, yeah, sorry, could you, I couldn't hear you. What did you say your weight loss, how long? I started a little bit earlier than that. I, I, I'm not sure though how it is gonna roughly 6 months, would you say?
Patient: Uh Something like that, yeah, 6 months and roughly how much have you lost, just proximately?
Patient: Oh gosh, I would say less than a stone, something like that.
Doctor: So about Estonia 6 months, OK, OK, 6, OK.
Doctor: Right, OK, so just a few more questions. It might seem a bit awkward, but it's quite relevant. OK, so how are your bowels? Are they OK?
Patient: Um, I feel nauseous every now and again, uh, it's, it's coming up, uh, yeah, just every now and again, not feeling very good, uh, trying to eat something but don't really want to.
Doctor: Um, your bowels, how's your toilet?
Patient: Uh, that's OK, I would say. Uh, I don't really have problems when going to the toilet.
Doctor: So you're not going to the toilet?
Patient: Yes, yes, you are going like to be very more specific. You don't have any diarrhea?
Patient: Uh, no, no diarrhea, no, no.
Doctor: So there's no blood in the poo, no mucus, nothing of that sort?
Patient: Uh, no, no.
Doctor: Just, you know, you mentioned nausea. Have you been ever sick with it?
Patient: No, actually not.
Patient: Yeah, I'm feeling unwell, uh, in the, in the bowel region, yeah.
Doctor: Just the nausea, OK. Is there any particular foods that make you nauseous?
Patient: No, not.
Doctor: OK, so you can't think of any meal. Do you suffer from acid reflux?
Patient: I do not. No. OK.
Doctor: You also mentioned that you're feeling short of breath. So just, yeah, is there any cough?
Patient: Um, no, not really. Just, uh, shortness of breath, uh.
Patient: It's like when, when, uh, when I go into the list, uh, it, it happens to be that I like, you know, my heart starts beating and I can't really breathe. Uh, is it like in closed spaces?
Patient: No, it happens every time. It happens very significantly in in the lift or when I'm, when I'm uh.
Doctor: So how far can you walk and when you start feeling short of breath. So how, what, how far can you walk with no shortness of breath?
Patient: Walk or run.
Doctor: Well, we'll start with work. Do you feel short of let's start this way. Do you feel short of work, uh, breath when you walk at all?
Patient: No, actually no.
Doctor: You, so you can walk about 1 mile and you don't feel short of breath at all?
Patient: That's right, yes.
Doctor: So just explain a bit more just to make myself clear about the lift thing. So you said you're short of breath when you're in the lift.
Patient: Yeah, my heart starts beating. I, I feel like I can't breathe and, and uh it's, it's very difficult.
Patient: Uh, yeah, explain, uh, it's going.
Patient: Yeah, just, just that you, you know, when, when you just feel unwell and yeah, your heart.
Doctor: starts beating like palpitations to me, yeah, so that's what you're, you're feeling your own heartbeat.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: yeah, OK. Do you get any chest pains with it?
Patient: Not really, no, it's just, yeah.
Doctor: OK, no chest pains.
Patient: No chest pain, I have pain. OK. All right.
Patient: Fine.
Doctor: So what we need to do, um, just before that, um, just a few more things, uh, any medi, any past medical history you'd like to share with me today?
Doctor: Uh.
Patient: yes, I had two activity of my thyroid.
Patient: Sorry.
Doctor: you had thyroid problems.
Patient: Thyroid, too little activity, yes.
Doctor: underactive thyroid, yes, yeah.
Patient: yeah, yeah, um, and in.
Patient: Into that, I took thyroxine.
Doctor: you're taking thyroxine. Are you using it every day?
Patient: Uh, not anymore.
Doctor: Why is that?
Patient: I have, I have not been taking it in the last, actually since I changed law firm, I would say.
Doctor: OK, so is that, so all these things are since you've stopped taking the thyroxine?
Patient: Oh.
Patient: It might be coinciding. I'm not sure about that.
Doctor: When was your last blood test?
Patient: Uh, haven't taken one in a long time.
Doctor: OK, so you've not had a blood test.
Patient: Right, OK.
Doctor: It could, you know.
Doctor: Generally for, you know, it, for underactive thyroids, what symptoms you've said, um, it's the opposite that usually happens, yeah, it's for all active thyroid like you can feel a bit like the rat racing of your heartbeat and all, so I'm not quite clear on what picture we are having here, yes.
Doctor: I think general set of bloods is a good, good start. So what we look at, because you're not, you're not having the um, aren't you? You're like, you just like feeling a.
Doctor: You know, low and things like that.
Patient: right?
Patient: So.
Doctor: um, and weak and things like that, so we'll just do a general set of blogs we looked at things like anemia, how your kidney functions are your livers, all that with vitamin levels and your.
Patient: OK.
Doctor: um, now, after we get those sets of blos, we will find out if we can find anything in there.
Doctor: If that's all clear, then we would need to do a physical examination.
