Doctor: Hi. Hi, hello, I'm Doctor Jacobs. Welcome to Babylon. Hello. Hi. Hi. So just before we start, is it all right if you could confirm your name for me,
Doctor: please
Patient: Yeah, so my name <REDACTED PII>
Doctor: and your date of
Doctor: birth? <REDACTED PII>
Doctor: And your address for me,
Doctor: please?
Patient: <REDACTED PII>
Patient: <REDACTED PII>
Doctor: That's correct. And just to confirm that you're in a secure location and we can have a confidential conversation
Patient: Thank you. OK.
Doctor: So you mentioned in, in our notes that
Patient: you've got
Doctor: some
Doctor: tightness, if you would like to tell me a bit more
Doctor: about it, please.
Patient: Yeah, so about 2 to 3 days ago, I was running with a friend, and usually I could talk to her whilst I ran, but I found myself actually short of breath. Um, I'm not really short of breath when I'm walking. Um, but definitely
Patient: Um, if I'm walking briskly now, um, and I've used my blue inhaler, but to no avail, it hasn't really helped me
Patient: Um,
Patient: but yeah
Patient: So I'm having, I'm just wheezing a bit and coughing, just generally a bit short of
Patient: breath,
Patient: wheezing and coughing. OK. And
Doctor: you've mentioned you're using the blue inhaler, so how often are you using the blue inhaler
Patient: Um, I think I'm just using that as and when I have symptoms.
Doctor: Yeah, so, um, at the moment, you are having shortness of breath. So are you using it every day at the moment
Patient: Um, yeah, and morning and evening to kind of prevent it as
Patient: well.
Doctor: OK. And um what, which color? What's the name of your preventer
Patient: Um, it's blue, um, I think in totality, um my history of salbutamolano ban, and hydrocortisone that I'm taking as
Patient: well.
Doctor: OK, so could you repeat that? Your salbutamolol
Patient: Uh, Ben and
Patient: hydrocortisone
Patient: and
Doctor: hydrocortisone. So you have eczema also,
Patient: yeah
Patient: What's that, sorry?
Doctor: You do have a history of eczema
Patient: Um, I, brother's asthmatic and my sister has eczema, um, and I've got a few issues, um, that I think could be extra as
Patient: well. OK. Right.
Doctor: So coming back to your, um, you know, your shortness of breath. You've mentioned you're wheezy and you're coughing. Are you bringing up any phlegm at
Doctor: all
Patient: Um, no, I don't, um, I'm not coughing up much be um,
Doctor: OK, no speech. OK
Doctor: Right to you. And um how are you using your um your leel. So are you using it every day
Patient: Um, I think I'm using that every day and this sound beautiful just like as and when.
Doctor: So how are you using the clean? Is it twice a
Patient: day
Doctor: Um, yeah, OK. And have you ever been admitted in hospital because your asthma was so
Doctor: bad
Patient: Um, no, I
Doctor: haven't. OK
Doctor: Right here. When was the last time you had an asthma
Doctor: attack
Patient: Um, about 3 to 4 years
Doctor: ago, 3 to 4 years ago, and what, what did the DP do at that
Doctor: time
Patient: Um, just, um, encourage me to carry on using my inhalers as a preventative.
Doctor: OK, so you didn't have any ster steroids or antibiotics.
Patient: Not that I can
Patient: remember. OK. Um
Doctor: OK
Doctor: Right. Have you ever had oral steroids in the
Doctor: past
Patient: Um, no.
Doctor: When was the last time you had an asthma review with our nurse
Patient: Um, about 2 years ago.
Doctor: OK, 2 years ago
Doctor: OK, but your asthma was pretty under control till till now, isn't it
Patient: Uh, yes, just in the last two times.
Doctor: So do you do a peak flow meter at home, peak flow reading where you blow into, you
Doctor: know
Doctor: Do you do that
Doctor: now
Patient: Um, just every now and then, I haven't done over the last, since I've had symptoms.
Doctor: OK, so what was what's your peak flow reading when
Patient: Good
Doctor: Like normal peak flow reading
Patient: Um, I think opathy
Doctor: OK, let's say it's about um 380
Patient: Yeah, 3, OK
Doctor: Right. So that's your normal, yeah
Doctor: Right here. OK, so what we need
Doctor: OK. Do you have any allergies at all
Patient: Um, I have hay fever.
Doctor: Sorry, could you repeat that,
Patient: please
Patient: Sorry, I have hay fever.
Doctor: OK, no, no any med allergies to medication
Patient: Oh nice.
Doctor: OK, so you're not allergic to
Patient: anything, OK
Doctor: So no allergies. OK.
Patient: Excellent.
Doctor: All right here. So what we need to do that, obviously we, you haven't had asthma checked for some time and it looks like you can be having a small, small exacerbation. So what I would
Doctor: You to be seen by one of our GPs in the next few days. In the interim, what I'd like you to do is you can use your blue inhaler as and
Patient: when
Doctor: OK, and you use it maximum
Doctor: Every 2 to 4 hours, but if you're using it that often, that
Patient: means
Doctor: pretty much that, you know, your asthma is really bad. You can use it, but that's not ideal. But uh, the brown in your lenal, the brown inhaler, you can up the dose if you're using
Patient: just 2
Doctor: puffs twice a day, you can increase it to 4 puffs twice a
Patient: day.
Doctor: Yeah. And while this is to do while you're waiting to see
Patient: us
Doctor: Now, mentioned, you know, you're doing what, you know, increase the channel to 4 puffs twice a day, and you're using the asthma, you know, the blue inhalers every 2 to 4 hours and your breathing is getting really worse, then you would need to take yourself to A&E. You shouldn't wait for our appointment,
Patient: OK?
Doctor: So when the doctor sees you, what we're going to do is we're gonna examine your chest, yeah, make you do the peak for reading. So depending on what we find, you might need
Doctor: antibiotics or some steroids. But anyway, while you're at home, we are going to by increasing your plan, we are increasing your steroid intake
Patient: anyway
Patient: OK,
Doctor: so, yeah, so any questions you wanted to ask
Patient: me? Am I
Doctor: Yeah, so booking a call support, book an appointment to see, and I will recommend that a face to face in the interim, increase your brown inhaler to 4 puffs twice a day and you'll salbutamol inhalers up to every 2 hourly, but if your breathing is getting worse and we've not seen enough you take off to any
Patient: All
Patient: right. OK. Thank you so much for your time.
Doctor: You're welcome. Take care then. Bye bye now. Bye, bye
