Doctor: What brings you all in today?
Patient: Essentially when he, uh, so today is. Um, Friday when he got home from school on Wednesday, um, he seems fine, but he, I don't know, that night he started to have a bit of like a cough. It just seemed like a little dry cough, but obviously, I just wanted to keep him calm, keep him safe, um, and not like spread anything if he was sick. So he stayed at home on Thursday and she was like having a bit of a cough. Um, and then yesterday, it seemed to get a little bit worse and he was really tired, uh,
Patient: sorry
Patient: Today, today is Friday. Um, he was like, his cough is like getting a bit worse and I, I've been taking his temp the whole time and I got like a little high, um
Patient: Today, uh, what was it? Um, a thermometer says it was high. I'm just like trying to remember. It was, it was um it was like over 100 though
Patient: Oh, OK. 1001 or something, um, or maybe 100.1 but anyways it was so I, I just thought I should probably bring him in because I was really worried about him and, you know, thought he could have maybe got COVID and get school or something
Doctor: Yeah, for sure. Um, OK, so just to clarify, I had this cough and fever for the past 55
Patient: days
Patient: Mhm.
Doctor: OK
Doctor: Um, OK, so let's focus on the cough. It's been more like 33 days, like Wednesday when he came home and then
Patient: Um
Patient: And then today is Friday, so yeah, sorry
Patient: So today is Friday. OK.
Patient: Um
Doctor: OK, yeah, sure. Uh, so is this cost a productive cough or is it kind of a dry
Patient: cough
Patient: Uh
Patient: I think it's dry. I haven't noticed him like
Patient: It up anything
Patient: Um, yeah, he, he, yeah, it's just been like a little
Patient: cough
Doctor: OK, um
Doctor: He, he, he's not bringing up any sputum or blood
Patient: No. No. OK,
Doctor: good
Doctor: OK, and does he sound wheezy at all to you
Patient: No,
Patient: no, not that I've
Patient: noticed
Doctor: OK. How about short of breath
Patient: Um, I don't think so. Like
Patient: he,
Patient: usually he's a really active kid and he has, he hasn't been running, um, a lot of outside in the past couple of days. So maybe he, maybe he could have been having a harder time breathing, but also I think he's just been tired in general
Doctor: OK, yeah. OK. Um
Doctor: Is his coughing getting worse with certain times of the day, like, is it worse at night, in the morning
Patient: Um, I think it kind of just there the whole day
Doctor: OK. Um
Doctor: And does it, how does it sound? Does it sound like a barky cough? Does it sound, uh
Doctor: Mm
Doctor: A car, what is, what would you say the quality of the, of the sound of the cough is
Doctor: Uh
Patient: It sounds kind of dry. It's not like super loud.
Doctor: OK
Doctor: OK. And have you ever experienced anything like this in the past
Patient: Um, like he's had colds before, but I haven't, like I haven't like he this time he kind of had a fever, which is different than, you know, having a regular
Patient: cold
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: And are his symptoms getting worse?
Patient: Um, I, I think so because yeah, the first day he just seemed a little dry and then yesterday's coughing and today he actually has a fever.
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: And
Doctor: Um, is he complaining of anything like chest pain or feeling like his heart's racing?
Patient: Uh, no, I don't think so.
Doctor: Yeah, OK.
Doctor: Um, does he have a sore throat?
Doctor: Mm.
Doctor: Uh, I don't think so.
Doctor: OK. Um, is he having any issues swallowing food or fluids?
Patient: No, I don't, I don't know if he's having trouble swallowing, but he doesn't seem to have a big appetite right now.
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: Um, and if
Doctor: Um, does he have a blocked nose or a runny nose?
Patient: Mm, maybe a bit of like a, like a runny nose.
Doctor: OK. And does he have any issues with smell or taste?
Patient: Uh, like this morning, he really seemed like he wasn't like into his breakfast, and I wonder if he's losing his sense of taste a little bit.
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: Uh, how about vision or hearing?
Patient: I think those are fine.
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: And is he complaining of any chills or night sweats?
Patient: Mm, no.
Doctor: OK. Any changes in his hair, nails, or skin, like rashes?
Patient: No, I haven't noticed anything like that.
Doctor: OK. Any changes in his bowel movements?
Doctor: Um
Patient: No.
Doctor: Pardon?
Patient: I'm sorry, no changes.
Doctor: OK. No diarrhea, no constipation, no blood in the stool?
Patient: No.
Doctor: OK. Any nausea or vomiting?
Patient: No.
Doctor: OK. Any changes in his urine?
Patient: Mm, I haven't really been looking, but I don't think so.
Doctor: OK. Any dizziness or fainting spells?
Patient: Mm, no, just like fatigue.
Doctor: OK. Any, uh, confusion or memory loss?
Patient: No.
Doctor: And is he, um, an otherwise healthy child?
Patient: Yeah, actually he hasn't like decided to like get vaccines and that he hasn't had to go to the doctor, like ever, like, I mean, he broke his arm once, that was it.
Doctor: OK. Um, so no past, uh, illnesses and I guess, no hospitalizations or surgeries except for the broken arm?
Patient: Exactly, I think.
Doctor: OK. And were things normal with your, uh, pregnancy with him?
Patient: Yeah, totally.
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: Um, and then how about as a newborn, any complications after birth?
Patient: Uh, no. No, like everything is really good.
Doctor: OK. And then did he hit all his milestones, um, up till now?
Patient: Yeah, totally.
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: Um, any, does he have any allergies?
Patient: No, no, I don't think so. I mean, like he hasn't really taken a lot of medicine, so it's hard to say but like nothing.
Doctor: Is he up to date with all his immunizations?
Patient: Yeah, yeah, OK.
Doctor: In terms of family history, are there any lung conditions or heart conditions?
Patient: Uh, no, everyone's really healthy.
Doctor: OK.
Doctor: Um, and who does he live with and where does he live?
Patient: And you just me and my husband and he has a little sister, like just in town.
Doctor: OK. And, uh, is she healthy?
Patient: Yeah, and like she, yeah, she's healthy.
Doctor: Um, any concerns for old carpets, mold, asbestos, or any environmental issues like that in the home that you're in?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Um, has he been around any sick contacts recently?
Patient: Not, not like outside of school, uh, like, we know for sure not outside of school, um, but he goes to school right now, so, um, kind of hard to say.
Patient: But they haven't, they haven't like contacted us about anything.
Doctor: OK, sure.
Doctor: Um, and has he traveled anywhere recently?
Patient: No.
